Updates to the getting started docs (#1651)
test-kitchen/test-kitchen: docs/content/docs/getting-started/15-adding-test.md

As our primary target platform was Ubuntu 20.04, we'll target this one first for development. Now, in test driven development (TDD) style we'll run `kitchen test server` to watch our tests fail spectacularly:

~~~
...
================================================================================
Chef encountered an error attempting to load the node data for "server-ubuntu-2004"
================================================================================

Unexpected Error:
-----------------
Chef::PolicyBuilder::Policyfile::ConfigurationError: Policy 'git_cookbook' revision 'f9aaaeaa7a929e3370d5224a3c7f07c605721933b9a893d383d0dc478aa48ce8' does not have named_run_list 'server'(available named_run_lists: [])
...
~~~

One quick check of `kitchen list` tells us that our instance was created but not successfully converged:

~~~
$ kitchen list server-ubuntu-2004
Instance            Driver   Provisioner  Verifier  Transport  Last Action  Last Error
server-ubuntu-2004  Vagrant  ChefZero     Inspec    Ssh        Created      Kitchen::ActionFailed
~~~

Yes, you can specify one or more instances with the same Ruby regular expression globbing as any other `kitchen` sub-commands.

> Test Kitchen fails because we've setup our `server` suite to run a Policyfile named run list of `server`, but no named run list exists in our Policyfile and we haven't created the `server` recipe in our Git cookbook. Let's go fix our Policyfile and create our recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test Kitchen fails because we've set up our `server` suite to run a Policyfile named run list of `server`, but no named run list exists in our Policyfile and we haven't created the `server` recipe in our Git cookbook. Let's go fix our Policyfile and create our recipe.
```
